adding llvm20 docs (#1267)
numba/llvmlite: docs/source/user-guide/llvm20.rst

   resolved in the future.

#. There is an issue with calling global constructors/destructors from MCJIT on
   OSX platforms the result of which is that calling an execution engine’s
   run_static_constructors method will result in an assertion error or a
   segmentation fault depending on whether LLVM has assertions enabled. The
   cause of this is that the use of ``__mod_term_func`` has been deprecated which
   means that LLVM now emits a ``__cxa_atexit`` call in the constructor to
   schedule the execution of destructors, see
   https://github.com/llvm/llvm-project/commit/22570bac694396514fff18dec926558951643fa6.
   MCJIT does not correctly support ``__cxa_atexit`` and so hits an assertion
   error or segmentation faults when the static constructors are called (the
   linker should handle it so that it can be called with a live JIT library,
   but this does not happen, and so the ``atexit`` handlers for the process run
   it instead, by which time the JIT library has been destroyed, the result of
   which is typically a segmentation fault due to ``__cxa_atexit`` accessing an
   invalid address). Multiple workarounds were tried by “faking” various

>    missing parts, but the effect it has is a lot of complexity to seemingly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   missing parts, but the effect was a lot of complexity that seemingly
```

>    push the problem to some other area, it needs fixing at the LLVM level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   push the problem to some other area. It needs fixing at the LLVM level.
```
run on

#. The toolchain version used to compile LLVM and llvmlite needs to be the same
   in both builds. When using the Anaconda/conda-forge distribution toolchains,

>    the result of using inconsistent versions is typically segmentation fault.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   the result of using inconsistent versions is typically a segmentation fault.
```
